manifest: update sdk-zephyr, nrf53/nrf54 (#14967)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

==========================

* Added the :ref:`ug_nrf54l15_gs` page.

> * The default for Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_ACCURACY_PPM` has chaned from 500 to 250.

Reviewer: There's a typo in `chaned`, so let's make an edit to the whole line -- please apply it also to line 67.
```suggestion
* Changed the default value for the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_ACCURACY_PPM` from 500 to 250.
```
